phone call everyone loves from yesterday
is the Korean clock like I was talking
to people about this yesterday afternoon
this is one of the funniest phone calls
ever this is a Korean clock lady who
can't say the word clock is this a clock
repair shop I just inherited a
grandfather clock okay how is that cop
the clock is I would say about 75 years
old 75 years old for a cock what's that
this is not old for a cock okay now how
do you repair I explained it the first
thing is make sure the cut is completely
level what the completely old okay it's
about 10 inches dangerous yes it's gonna
wind up wind up what windup cock yes yes
there's something in the back it does
wind up I don't have the key though okay
you're welcome to bring in three one
small cock I can't win the clock though
because I don't have a key yeah you just
need to bring the small thing in small
what it's small cock okay no I don't
have a key can you repair this clock yes
that's why I just need to see it see
what see your small cock okay yeah bring
I can explain it to you
I have a lot here too a lot of one
different cocks okay
100 100 100 my god do you fix the clock
with your own hands how does that go
okay we have a certified master can't
make her here able to lionize and tell
you exactly what happened to your car at
the time and the PI's bleep to do so
okay now this clock it's it's all black
Opie's come in that simple okay cuz I
have a ten inch black cock and you could
take a look and see if you can work it
and fix it with your head you can fix it
with your hands yes thank you very much
thank you bye bye bye bye